Oops he didn't drop hair on the dream table
Cai Cai
Well, I'm not actually thinking of getting married.
Mr. Gu
You have to leave for the noon business meeting
OK
Wait a minute.
What's the matter? I'm going with you. Why?
Why is a company executive not qualified to go?
Have this qualification
Then you have to walk
Gentlemen
I respect you.
Feel free to
I did it.
Take a look
Whoops, the drink is not bad
Hahahaha
It's so casual to have you.
How can a big man just take a sip?
Forget that as long as he is happy to fight
Mr. Gu is really good at drinking
Don't worry, drink slowly
After drinking this cup, there is still another cup.
Why do you keep toasting me?
Did you mean to get me drunk?
How can I have it?
You're right.
I did it on purpose.